Updates based on peer review (#217)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W15-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Adds a contact to your SoConnect.

Format: `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [t/TAG]…`

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

> **:information_source: Note:** The tag has to be made first before you can add it into a contact. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**:information_source: Note:** The tag has to be created first before you can add it into a contact. 
```

### Creating a Tag: `tag create`

You can create a new `TAG` and add it into the tag list.

Format: `tag create t/TAG`

Steps to take:
1. Input `tag create t/Test` into the Command box.

> 2. Press `Enter` on your keyboard. 

Reviewer: I think step 1 and 2 can be combined. Seems unnecessary to have 1 step to tell users to press the enter key after every command

Author: Alright. I'll put them together.

3. You should now see `New Tag added: [Test]` in the Command result box just like the image below.

(insert image of a successful creation of the `Test` tag)

4. Great! You have successfully added the first `TAG` you have made. Now, you can start utilising the other tag features.

### Adding a Tag to a Contact: `tag add`

You can now add a `TAG` from the tag list to a contact.
* `Coming soon in v1.5`, we will upgrade `tag add` to add tags to todos.

Format: `tag add INDEX t/TAG`

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-primary">:bulb: **Tip:**
A contact can have any number of tags. Add as many as you want.
</div>

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

> **:information_source: Note:** The tag has to be made first before you can add it into a contact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**:information_source: Note:** The tag has to be created first before you can add it into a contact.
```

Refer to [`Creating a Tag`](#creating-a-tag-tag-create) on how to create a tag.
</div>

Steps to take:
1. Input `tag add 1 t/Test` into the Command box.

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">
**:information_source: Note:** 

> This example is based of [`Creating a Tag`](#creating-a-tag-tag-create). Feel free to replace `1` and Test` with the contact and tag of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example is based on [`Creating a Tag`](#creating-a-tag-tag-create). Feel free to replace `1` and Test` with the contact index and tag of your choice.
```

</div>

> 2. Press `Enter` on your keyboard.

Reviewer: Same comment as above

Author: Alright. I'll put them together.

3. You should now see `Tag added: [Test]` in the Command result box just like the image below.

(insert image of a successful addition of the `Test` tag to contact `1`)

> 4. Awesome! You have successfully added the `Test` to the first contact in your contact list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Awesome! You have successfully added the `Test` tag to the first contact in your contact list.
```

### Editing a Tag: `tag edit`

> If you make a mistake or  want to update your tags, you can simply update them accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you make a mistake or want to update your tags, you can simply update them accordingly.
```

Format: `tag edit t/TAG1 t/TAG2`

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">
**:information_source: Note:** The new Tag must not have the same name as any other existing tags.
</div>

> * `TAG1` is the current name of the tag and `TAG2` is the new name of the tag.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be under the format line and followed by the alert block? Else this point might look out of place.

Author: Ok. I shall move it.

Steps to take:
1. Input `tag edit t/Test t/Test2` into the Command box. 

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">
**:information_source: Note:** 

> This example is based of [`Adding a tag`](#adding-a-tag-to-a-contact-tag-add). Feel free to replace `Test` and `Test2` with any existing tag and a fresh new tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example is based on [`Adding a tag`](#adding-a-tag-to-a-contact-tag-add). Feel free to replace `Test` with any existing tag and `Test2` with a new name for the tag.
```

</div>

> 2. Press `Enter` on your keyboard.

Reviewer: Same comment as above.

Author: Done!

> 3. You should now see `Tag has changed from [Test] to [Test2]` in the Command result box. Images of Before and After are provided below. Within each contact, those which have `Test` tag, will now display `Test2` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. You should now see `Tag has changed from [Test] to [Test2]` in the Command result box. You can also refer to the Before and After comparison below. Within each contact, those with the `Test` tag, will now display `Test2` instead.
```

> before:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before:
```

(insert image a contact with `Test` tag)

After:
(insert image of the same contact with `Test2` tag instead of `Test`)

4. Fantastic! You have successfully changed the `Test` tag to the `Test2` tag.

### Removing a Tag from a Contact: `tag remove`

You can remove a tag from a contact.
* `Coming soon in v1.5`, we will upgrade `tag remove` to remove tags from todos.

Format: `tag remove INDEX t/TAG`

Steps to take:
1. Input `tag remove 1 t/Test2` into the Command box. 

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">
**:information_source: Note:** 

> This example is based of [`Editing a Tag`](#editing-a-tag-tag-edit). Feel free to replace `1` and `Test2` with any contact index and an existing tag within the contact indexed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example is based on [`Editing a Tag`](#editing-a-tag-tag-edit). Feel free to replace `1` and `Test2` with the index of any contact and a tag of that contact.
```

</div>

> 2. Press `Enter` on your keyboard.

Reviewer: Same comment as above.

Author: Done!

3. You should now see `Tag removed: [Test2]` in the Command result box just like the image below.

(insert image of contact `1` without the `Test2` tag)

4. Nice! You have successfully removed a tag from a contact.

### Deleting a Tag: `tag delete`

You can delete a tag from the tag list.

Format: `tag delete t/TAG`

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">
**:information_source: Note:** When `TAG` is deleted, `TAG` is removed from all the contacts which previously had it.
</div>

Steps to take:
1. Input `tag delete t/Test2` in the Command box. 

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">
**:information_source: Note:** 

> This example is a follow-up of [`removing a Tag`](#removing-a-tag-from-a-contact-tag-remove). Feel free to replace `Test2` wit any existing tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example is a follow-up of [`removing a Tag`](#removing-a-tag-from-a-contact-tag-remove). Feel free to replace `Test2` with any existing tag.
```

</div>

> 2. Press `Enter` on your keyboard.

Reviewer: Same comment as above.

Author: Ok. I will make the changes.

3. You should now see `Tag deleted: [Test2]` in the Command result box just like the image below.

(insert successful deletion og `Test2` tag)

> 4. Terrific! You have successfully deleted a tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Wonderful! You have successfully deleted a tag.
```

### Viewing tags `[Coming soon in v1.5]`

> Now that you made it here, you have successfully mastered the tag features! Refer to the [Commannd summary](#command-summary) for a quick reference to all tag commands. Let us move on to the [Customisation Features](#customisation-features).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations on completing this section on Tag Management Features, you have successfully mastered the tag features! Refer to the [Command summary](#command-summary) for a quick reference to all tag commands. Let us move on to the [Customisation Features](#customisation-features).
```

Reviewer: I don't know how I feel about this section of text. Well it is a great idea, the current position of it makes it appear as the description for the `Viewing Tags` feature. On the other hand, I have no good ideas on where to position it or the header title it would have
